snap/README.md, before:

# Unofficial Snap Packaging for [Project]
<!--
	Use the Staticaly service for easy access to in-repo pictures:
	https://www.staticaly.com/
-->
![(Placeholder) Icon of [Project]](https://cdn.rawgit.com/Lin-Buo-Ren/snapcrafters-template-plus/bea3bc56/snap/gui/my-awesome-app.png "(Placeholder) Icon of [Project]")

**This is the unofficial snap for [Project]**, *"Single-line elevator pitch for your amazing snap"*. It works on Ubuntu, Fedora, Debian, and other major Linux distributions.

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when you are provided a build status badge
[![Build Status Badge of the `my-awesome-app` Snap](https://build.snapcraft.io/badge/_repo_owner_id_/_repo_name_id_.svg "Build Status of the `my-awesome-app` snap")](https://build.snapcraft.io/user/_repo_owner_id_/_repo_name_id_)
-->

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when you have a screenshot
![Screenshot of the Snapped Application](local/screenshots/screenshot.png "Screenshot of the Snapped Application")
-->

Published for <img src="http://anything.codes/slack-emoji-for-techies/emoji/tux.png" align="top" width="24" /> with 💝 by Snapcrafters

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when you have published the snap to the Snap Store
## Installation
([Don't have snapd installed?](https://snapcraft.io/docs/core/install))

### In Terminal
    # Install Snap #
    sudo snap install --channel=edge --devmode my-awesome-app
    #sudo snap install --channel=beta my-awesome-app
    #sudo snap install my-awesome-app
    
    # Connect the Snap to Required Interfaces #
    ## _plug_name_: Reasoning of connecting _plug_name_ ##
    sudo snap connect my-awesome-app:_plug_name_
    
    # Connect the Snap to Optional Interfaces #
    ## _plug_name_: Reasoning of connecting _plug_name_ ##
    sudo snap connect my-awesome-app:_plug_name_

### The Graphical Way
[![Get it from the Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/static/images/badges/en/snap-store-black.svg)](https://snapcraft.io/my-awesome-app)
-->

<!-- Uncomment when you have test results
## What is Working
* [A list of functionallities that are verified working]

## What is NOT Working...yet 
Check out the [issue tracker](https://github.com/_repo_owner_id_/_repo_name_id_/issues) for known issues.

## What is NOT Tested...yet
Anything not listed in "What is Working" and "What is NOT Working...yet" sections.
-->

<!-- Uncomment when you have initialized the URLs
## Support
* Report issues regarding using this snap to the issue tracker:  
  <https://github.com/_repo_owner_id_/_repo_name_id_/issues>
* You may also post on the Snapcraft Forum, under the `snap` topic category:  
  <https://forum.snapcraft.io/c/snap>
-->

Commit message:

Initialize snap project from template
Signed-off-by: 林博仁(Buo-ren, Lin) <Buo.Ren.Lin@gmail.com>

snap/README.md, after:

# Unofficial Snap Packaging for Go-mtpfs
<!--
	Use the Staticaly service for easy access to in-repo pictures:
	https://www.staticaly.com/
-->
![(Placeholder) Icon of Go-mtpfs](https://cdn.staticaly.com/gh/Lin-Buo-Ren/snapcrafters-template-plus/bea3bc56/snap/gui/my-awesome-app.png "(Placeholder) Icon of Go-mtpfs")

**This is the unofficial snap for Go-mtpfs**, *"Single-line elevator pitch for your amazing snap"*. It works on Ubuntu, Fedora, Debian, and other major Linux distributions.

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when you are provided a build status badge
[![Build Status Badge of the `go-mtpfs-brlin` Snap](https://build.snapcraft.io/badge/Lin-Buo-Ren/go-mtpfs-snap.svg "Build Status of the `go-mtpfs-brlin` snap")](https://build.snapcraft.io/user/Lin-Buo-Ren/go-mtpfs-snap)
-->

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when you have a screenshot
![Screenshot of the Snapped Application](local/screenshots/screenshot.png "Screenshot of the Snapped Application")
-->

Published for <img src="http://anything.codes/slack-emoji-for-techies/emoji/tux.png" align="top" width="24" /> with 💝 by Snapcrafters

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when you have published the snap to the Snap Store
## Installation
([Don't have snapd installed?](https://snapcraft.io/docs/core/install))

### In Terminal
    # Install Snap #
    sudo snap install --channel=edge --devmode go-mtpfs-brlin
    #sudo snap install --channel=beta go-mtpfs-brlin
    #sudo snap install go-mtpfs-brlin
    
    # Connect the Snap to Required Interfaces #
    ## _plug_name_: Reasoning of connecting _plug_name_ ##
    sudo snap connect go-mtpfs-brlin:_plug_name_
    
    # Connect the Snap to Optional Interfaces #
    ## _plug_name_: Reasoning of connecting _plug_name_ ##
    sudo snap connect go-mtpfs-brlin:_plug_name_

### The Graphical Way
[![Get it from the Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/static/images/badges/en/snap-store-black.svg)](https://snapcraft.io/go-mtpfs-brlin)
-->

<!-- Uncomment when you have test results
## What is Working
* [A list of functionallities that are verified working]

## What is NOT Working...yet 
Check out the [issue tracker](https://github.com/Lin-Buo-Ren/go-mtpfs-snap/issues) for known issues.

## What is NOT Tested...yet
Anything not listed in "What is Working" and "What is NOT Working...yet" sections.
-->

## Support
* Report issues regarding using this snap to the issue tracker:  
  <https://github.com/Lin-Buo-Ren/go-mtpfs-snap/issues>
* You may also post on the Snapcraft Forum, under the `snap` topic category:  
  <https://forum.snapcraft.io/c/snap>
